apps/app/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: add Dockerfile and .dockerignore for application

apps/app/README.md, after:

###### 🛠 Build the Docker Image

Build the **Next.js app** Docker image from the root of the monorepo:

```bash
docker build -f apps/app/Dockerfile -t artbrush-app .
```

* `-f apps/app/Dockerfile` specifies the Dockerfile location for the Next.js app.
* `-t artbrush-app` names the image `artbrush-app`.
* `.` sets the build context to the monorepo root (required for Turborepo and pnpm to function correctly).

---

###### 🚀 Run the Docker Image

Start the container and expose it on port `3000`:

```bash
docker run -p 3000:3000 artbrush-app
```

You can now access the Next.js app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

---

###### 🧪 Debug the Docker Image

To troubleshoot or inspect the build process in detail, use:

```bash
docker build --no-cache --progress=plain -f apps/app/Dockerfile -t artbrush-app .
```

* `--no-cache` forces a full rebuild with no cached layers.
* `--progress=plain` provides detailed output for debugging.

---

Let me know if you want to add support for environment variables, volumes, or a `docker-compose.yml`!
